# packages in environment at /home/jhz22/COVID-19/miniconda37:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                        main    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             5.1                       1_gnu  
aioeasywebdav             2.4.0           py37h89c1867_1001    conda-forge
aiohttp                   3.8.1            py37h540881e_1    conda-forge
aiosignal                 1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
altair                    4.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
amply                     0.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
appdirs                   1.4.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
arrow                     1.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
arrow-cpp                 9.0.0           py37he84a226_2_cpu    conda-forge
async-timeout             4.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
asynctest                 0.13.0                     py_0    conda-forge
attmap                    0.13.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attrs                     24.2.0             pyh71513ae_0    conda-forge
aws-c-cal                 0.5.11               h95a6274_0    conda-forge
aws-c-common              0.6.2                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
aws-c-event-stream        0.2.7               h3541f99_13    conda-forge
aws-c-io                  0.10.5               hfb6a706_0    conda-forge
aws-checksums             0.1.11               ha31a3da_7    conda-forge
aws-sdk-cpp               1.8.186              hb4091e7_3    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.1                pyhd3eb1b0_1  
backports.functools_lru_cache 2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
backports.zoneinfo        0.2.1            py37h540881e_5    conda-forge
bcrypt                    3.2.2            py37h540881e_0    conda-forge
binaryornot               0.4.4                    pypi_0    pypi
blinker                   1.5                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
boto3                     1.24.35            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
botocore                  1.27.35            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
bottleneck                1.3.5            py37hda87dfa_0    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.0.9            py37hd23a5d3_7    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h4bc722e_7    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.34.4               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2025.2.25            h06a4308_0  
cachetools                5.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2024.2.2           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.15.1           py37h43b0acd_0    conda-forge
chardet                   5.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
charset-normalizer        2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
click                     8.1.3            py37h89c1867_0    conda-forge
coin-or-cbc               2.10.12              h8b142ea_1    conda-forge
coin-or-cgl               0.60.6               h6f57e76_1    conda-forge
coin-or-clp               1.17.7               hc56784d_1    conda-forge
coin-or-osi               0.108.7              h2720bb7_1    conda-forge
coin-or-utils             2.11.6               h202d8b1_1    conda-forge
coincbc                   2.10.12           1_metapackage    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
conda                     23.1.0           py37h06a4308_0  
conda-package-handling    1.9.0            py37h540881e_0    conda-forge
configargparse            1.7                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
connection_pool           0.0.3              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
cookiecutter              2.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
cryptography              37.0.1           py37h9ce1e76_0  
cycler                    0.11.0                   pypi_0    pypi
datrie                    0.8.2            py37h540881e_4    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.6.0            py37hd23a5d3_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
docker                    3.7.3                    pypi_0    pypi
docker-pycreds            0.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
docutils                  0.19             py37h89c1867_0    conda-forge
dpath                     2.2.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
dropbox                   12.0.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
exceptiongroup            1.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
filechunkio               1.8                        py_2    conda-forge
filelock                  3.16.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
flask                     2.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
fonttools                 4.34.4                   pypi_0    pypi
freetype                  2.12.1               hca18f0e_0    conda-forge
frozenlist                1.3.0            py37h540881e_1    conda-forge
ftputil                   5.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gflags                    2.2.2             he1b5a44_1004    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.2                h5eee18b_0  
gitdb                     4.0.7              pyhd3eb1b0_0  
gitpython                 3.1.41             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
glog                      0.6.0                h6f12383_0    conda-forge
google-api-core           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-api-python-client  2.54.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-auth               2.17.0             pyh1a96a4e_0    conda-forge
google-auth-httplib2      0.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-cloud-core         2.3.2            py37h06a4308_0  
google-cloud-storage      2.10.0             pyh1a96a4e_0    conda-forge
google-crc32c             1.1.2            py37h5d4fa31_3    conda-forge
google-resumable-media    2.7.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
googleapis-common-protos  1.56.4           py37h89c1867_0    conda-forge
grpc-cpp                  1.46.4               hbad87ad_7    conda-forge
grpcio                    1.46.3           py37he500948_0    conda-forge
httplib2                  0.22.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
icu                       70.1                 h27087fc_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.10               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        4.11.4           py37h89c1867_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        1.5.0                    py37_0    conda-forge
iniconfig                 2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.14.0           py37h25bab4e_0    conda-forge
ipython                   7.33.0           py37h89c1867_0    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
ipywidgets                8.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
itsdangerous              2.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
jedi                      0.18.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jinja2-time               0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jmespath                  1.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9e                   h166bdaf_2    conda-forge
jsonschema                3.2.0                      py_2    conda-forge
jupyter_client            7.4.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.11.1           py37h89c1867_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_widgets        3.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.4                    pypi_0    pypi
krb5                      1.19.4               h568e23c_0  
lcms2                     2.14                 h6ed2654_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.43                 h712a8e2_4    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libabseil                 20220623.0      cxx17_h48a1fff_5    conda-forge
libarchive                3.5.2                hb890918_3    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           31_h59b9bed_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           31_he106b2a_openblas    conda-forge
libcrc32c                 1.1.2                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.83.1               h7bff187_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.14                 h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20250104    pl5321h7949ede_0    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.10               h9b69904_4    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.6                h2dba641_0    conda-forge
libgcc                    14.2.0               h767d61c_2    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 14.2.0               h69a702a_2    conda-forge
libgfortran               14.2.0               h69a702a_2    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            14.2.0               h69a702a_2    conda-forge
libgfortran5              14.2.0               hf1ad2bd_2    conda-forge
libgomp                   14.2.0               h767d61c_2    conda-forge
libgoogle-cloud           2.1.0                hf2e47f9_1    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.16                 h516909a_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           31_h7ac8fdf_openblas    conda-forge
liblapacke                3.9.0           31_he2f377e_openblas    conda-forge
liblzma                   5.6.4                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
liblzma-devel             5.6.4                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libmamba                  0.24.0               hd8a31e3_1    conda-forge
libmambapy                0.24.0           py37h1ee4b26_1    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.47.0               h727a467_0    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.29          pthreads_h94d23a6_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.38               h753d276_0    conda-forge
libprotobuf               3.20.1               h6239696_0    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h36c2ea0_1    conda-forge
libsolv                   0.7.22               h6239696_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.10.0               ha56f1ee_2    conda-forge
libstdcxx                 14.2.0               h8f9b012_2    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              14.2.0               h4852527_2    conda-forge
libthrift                 0.16.0               h491838f_2    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.4.0                h55922b4_4    conda-forge
libutf8proc               2.8.0                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libwebp                   1.2.4                h522a892_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.4                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.14               h22db469_4    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.12               h166bdaf_2    conda-forge
logmuse                   0.2.6              pyh8c360ce_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.4                hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
lzo                       2.10              hd590300_1001    conda-forge
mamba                     0.24.0           py37h6dacc13_1    conda-forge
markdown-it-py            2.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.1            py37h540881e_1    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.5.2                    pypi_0    pypi
matplotlib-inline         0.1.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mdurl                     0.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
multidict                 6.0.2            py37h540881e_1    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.5                  h2d0b736_3    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nomkl                     1.0                  h5ca1d4c_0    conda-forge
numexpr                   2.8.3           py37h85a3170_100    conda-forge
numpy                     1.21.6           py37h976b520_0    conda-forge
oauth2client              4.1.3                      py_0    conda-forge
openai                    1.65.3                   pypi_0    pypi
openssl                   1.1.1w               hd590300_0    conda-forge
orc                       1.7.6                h6c59b99_0    conda-forge
packaging                 23.2               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.3.5            py37h8c16a72_0  
paramiko                  2.12.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
parquet-cpp               1.5.1                         2    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pep8                      1.7.1                    pypi_0    pypi
peppy                     0.40.7             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    9.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pip                       22.2               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
plac                      1.4.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pluggy                    1.0.0            py37h89c1867_3    conda-forge
ply                       3.11               pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
prettytable               0.7.2                      py_3    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.43             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
protobuf                  3.20.1           py37hd23a5d3_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.9.1            py37h540881e_0    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pulp                      2.6.0            py37h89c1867_1    conda-forge
py                        1.11.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
pyarrow                   9.0.0           py37hc26cc24_2_cpu    conda-forge
pyasn1                    0.4.8                      py_0    conda-forge
pyasn1-modules            0.2.8                      py_0  
pybind11-abi              4                    hd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
pycosat                   0.6.3           py37h540881e_1010    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pydantic                  2.11.0a2                 pypi_0    pypi
pydeck                    0.7.1              pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
pyflakes                  2.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pygments                  2.16.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pympler                   1.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pynacl                    1.5.0            py37h540881e_1    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 22.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyrsistent                0.18.1           py37h540881e_1    conda-forge
pysftp                    0.2.9                      py_1    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1            py37h89c1867_5    conda-forge
pytest                    7.4.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pytest-cookies            0.6.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pytest-runner             6.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
python                    3.7.12          hb7a2778_100_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-irodsclient        2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-slugify            6.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
python-tzdata             2023.3             pyhd3eb1b0_0  
python_abi                3.7                     4_cp37m    conda-forge
pytz                      2024.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pytz-deprecation-shim     0.1.0.post0      py37h89c1867_2    conda-forge
pyu2f                     0.1.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0              py37h540881e_4    conda-forge
pyzmq                     24.0.1           py37h0c0c2a8_0    conda-forge
ratelimiter               1.2.0           pyhd8ed1ab_1003    conda-forge
re2                       2022.06.01           h27087fc_0    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8c095d6_2    conda-forge
reproc                    14.2.5.post0         hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
reproc-cpp                14.2.5.post0         h5888daf_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.31.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
retry                     0.9.2                      py_0    conda-forge
rich                      13.7.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rsa                       4.9                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ruamel.yaml               0.17.21          py37h540881e_1    conda-forge
ruamel.yaml.clib          0.2.6            py37h540881e_1    conda-forge
ruamel_yaml               0.15.80         py37h540881e_1007    conda-forge
s2n                       1.0.10               h9b69904_0    conda-forge
s3transfer                0.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
semver                    2.13.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
setuptools                65.6.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
slacker                   0.14.0                     py_0    conda-forge
smart_open                6.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
smmap                     6.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
snakemake                 7.12.0                   pypi_0    pypi
snappy                    1.1.10               h6a678d5_1  
sniffio                   1.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
sqlite                    3.39.2               h4ff8645_0    conda-forge
stone                     3.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
stopit                    1.1.2                      py_0    conda-forge
streamlit                 1.16.0           py37h06a4308_0  
tabulate                  0.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
text-unidecode            1.3                      pypi_0    pypi
tk                        8.6.12               h27826a3_0    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tomli                     2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
toolz                     0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
toposort                  1.7                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.2              py37h540881e_0    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.67.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.12.2                   pypi_0    pypi
typing_extensions         4.3.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2025a                h04d1e81_0  
tzlocal                   4.2              py37h89c1867_1    conda-forge
ubiquerg                  0.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
uritemplate               4.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.19            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
validators                0.18.2             pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
veracitools               0.1.3                      py_0    conda-forge
watchdog                  2.1.9            py37h89c1867_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.5              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
websocket-client          1.3.3                    pypi_0    pypi
werkzeug                  2.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
wheel                     0.37.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
widgetsnbextension        4.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.14.1           py37h540881e_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.6.4                hbcc6ac9_0    conda-forge
xz-gpl-tools              5.6.4                hbcc6ac9_0    conda-forge
xz-tools                  5.6.4                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
yaml-cpp                  0.7.0                h59595ed_3    conda-forge
yarl                      1.7.2            py37h540881e_2    conda-forge
yte                       1.5.7              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.5                h59595ed_1    conda-forge
zipp                      3.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.12               h166bdaf_2    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.2                h6239696_4    conda-forge
